h1. Hurricane RPMs

h2. An easy way to install hurricane on fedora/rhel based systems.

These rpms were built to have an easy way to install the hurricane
binary distribution in a systemic way. 

The only reason these packages are not submitted upstream is the
requirements for packaging Java are fairly complicated and require building
everything from source and using any other previously packaged libraries.
There were some glaring omissions from the package tree in order to use this
one. 

h2. I have not run these packages on a production system yet, so use at your
own risk. 

h3. Please file an issue if you try and use these and something doesn't work
as you expect. 

h2. This is not a repository you can just install from. I no longer include
the rpms in this repo itself. You will have to use the spec file and sources
to build the rpm yourself.

To build the rpm for your system of choice:

* Check out this repo
* Create your rpmbuild directory 
<pre>rpmdev-setuptree</pre>
* Sym link all the sources and spec files into your build tree
<pre>
 cd rpmbuild
 ln -s ${repo}/SPECS/hurricane.spec SPECS/hurricane.spec 
 ls -n ${repo}/SOURCES/* SOURCES/ 
</pre>
* Download all the source files
<pre>spectool -g SPECS/hurricane.spec </pre>
* Build the src rpm
<pre>rpmbuild -bs --nodeps SPECS/hurricane.spec </pre>
** If you are building for an older system such as el5 you will need to use the old method of hashing
<pre>rpmbuild-md5 -bs --nodeps SPECS/hurricane.spec </pre>
* Build the final rpms with mock (Substitute fedora-16 with whatever your target is.)
<pre> mock -r fedora-16-x86_64 --resultdir ./RPMS/ SRPMS/hurricane-0.2.1-1.fc16.src.rpm </pre>
* Install into your repo!

To install on a fedora or rhel system: 
* install with yum
<pre>yum install hurricane </pre>
* Change any configs you need to
* Start up the node 
<pre>/etc/init.d/hurricane start</pre>
* If you want it to start after restart 
<pre>chkconfig hurricane on</pre>
* Watch the log files
<pre>tail -F /var/log/${path.logs}/${cluster.name}.log</pre>
* Serve your app!
